task-using-policies.adoc, before:

---
sidebar: sidebar
permalink: task-using-policies.html
keywords: compliance, privacy, filter data, highlights, policies, notifications, saved query, tags, data sense, edit query
summary: Saved queries are custom filters that provide search results in the Investigation page for commonly requested compliance queries. Data Classification provides a set of default saved queries based on common requests or you can create your own. 
---
= Manage saved queries with NetApp Data Classification
:hardbreaks:
:nofooter:
:icons: font
:linkattrs:
:imagesdir: ./media/

[.lead]
NetaApp Data Classification supports saving your search queries. With a saved query, you can create custom filters to sort through frequent queries of your data Investigation page. Data Classification also includes predefined saved queries based on common requests. 

The *Saved queries* tab in the Compliance dashboard lists all the predefined and custom saved queries available on this instance of Data Classification.

Saved queries also appear in the list of filters in the Investigation page.

image:screenshot_compliance_highlights_tab.png[A screenshot of the Saved queries tab in the Data Classification dashboard.]

== View saved queries results in the Investigation page

To display the results for a saved query in the Investigation page, select the image:button-gallery-options.gif[More button] button for a specific search then select *Investigate Results*.

image:screenshot_compliance_highlights_investigate.png[A screenshot of selecting Investigate Results for a specific search from the Saved query tab.]

== Create custom saved queries

You can create your own custom saved queries that provide results for queries specific to your organization. Results are returned for all files and directories (shares and folders) that match the search criteria.

.Steps

. In the Investigation tab, define a search by selecting the filters you want to use. See link:task-investigate-data.html[Filtering data in the Investigation page] for details.

. Once you have all the filter characteristics set to your liking, select *Create saved query*.
+
image:screenshot_compliance_save_as_highlight.png[Screenshot showing how to save a filtered query as a Saved query.]
. Name the saved query and add a description. The name must be unique. 
. Select *Create saved query*.
+
image:screenshot_compliance_save_highlight2.png[A screenshot that shows how to configure the Saved query and save it.]

Once you've created the search, you can view it in the **Saved queries** tab. 

== Edit saved queries

You can modify the query criteria for a saved query (that is, the defined filters) to add or remove certain parameters.

You cannot modify default saved queries. 

.Steps

. From the Saved queries page, select *Edit Search* for the search that you want to change.
+
image:screenshot-edit-search.png[A screenshot showing Edit saved query.]

. Make the changes to the name and description fields. To only change the name and description fields, select *Save search*.
+
To change the filters for the saved query, select *Edit query*.
+
image:screenshot-edit-search-dialog.png[A screenshot of the Edit Query button on the Edit saved query page.]

. In the Investigation page, edit the query. You can add, remove, or modify filters. To complete your changes, select *Save query for this search*.
+
image:screenshot-edit-query.png[A screenshot showing how to edit the query by changing filter settings.]

== Delete saved queries

You can delete any custom saved query if you no longer need it. You can't delete default saved queries.

To delete a saved query, select the image:button-gallery-options.gif[More button] button for a specific search, select *Delete search*, then select *Delete search* again in the confirmation dialog.

== Default searches

Data Classification provides the following system-defined search queries:

* **Data Subject names - High risk**
+
Files with more than 50 data subject names

* **Email Addresses - High risk**
+
Files with more than 50 email addresses or database columns with more than 50% of their rows containing email addresses 

* **Personal data - High risk**
+
Files with more than 20 personal data identifiers or database columns with more than 50% of their rows containing personal data identifiers

* **Private data - Stale over 7 years**
+
Files containing personal or sensitive personal information, last modified more than 7 years ago

* **Protect - High** 
+
Files or database columns that contain a password, credit card information, IBAN number, or social security number

* **Protect - Low**
+
Files that have not been accessed for more than 3 years

* **Protect - Medium**
+
Files that contain files or database columns with personal data identifiers including ID numbers, tax identification numbers, drivers license numbers, medicinal IDs, or passport numbers

* **Sensitive Personal data - High risk**
+
Files with more than 20 sensitive personal data identifiers or database columns with greater than 50% of their rows containing sensitive personal data

Commit message:

saved query images. add policies

task-using-policies.adoc, after:

---
sidebar: sidebar
permalink: task-using-policies.html
keywords: compliance, privacy, filter data, highlights, policies, notifications, saved query, tags, data sense, edit query
summary: Saved queries are custom filters that provide search results in the Investigation page for commonly requested compliance queries. Data Classification provides a set of default saved queries based on common requests or you can create your own. 
---
= Manage saved queries with NetApp Data Classification
:hardbreaks:
:nofooter:
:icons: font
:linkattrs:
:imagesdir: ./media/

[.lead]
NetaApp Data Classification supports saving your search queries. With a saved query, you can create custom filters to sort through frequent queries of your data Investigation page. Data Classification also includes predefined saved queries based on common requests. 

The *Saved queries* tab in the Compliance dashboard lists all the predefined and custom saved queries available on this instance of Data Classification.

Saved queries can also be saved as **policies**. Whereas queries filter data, policies allow you to act on the data. With a policy: you can delete discovered data or send email updates about the discovered data. 

Saved queries also appear in the list of filters in the Investigation page.

image:screenshot_compliance_highlights_tab.png[A screenshot of the Saved queries tab in the Data Classification dashboard.]

== View saved queries results in the Investigation page

To display the results for a saved query in the Investigation page, select the image:button-gallery-options.gif[More button] button for a specific search then select *Investigate Results*.

image:screenshot_compliance_highlights_investigate.png[A screenshot of selecting Investigate Results for a specific search from the Saved query tab.]

== Create saved queries and policies

You can create your own custom saved queries that provide results for queries specific to your organization. Results are returned for all files and directories (shares and folders) that match the search criteria.

.Steps

. In the Investigation tab, define a search by selecting the filters you want to use. See link:task-investigate-data.html[Filtering data in the Investigation page] for details.

. Once you have all the filter characteristics set to your liking, select *Save query*.
+
image:screenshot_compliance_save_as_highlight.png[Screenshot showing how to save a filtered query as a Saved query.]
. Name the saved query and add a description. The name must be unique. 
. You can optionally save the query as policy:
.. To save the query as a policy, switch the *Run as a policy* toggle. 
.. Choose to *Delete permanently* or *Send email updates*. If you choose email updates, you can email the query results to _all_ Console users at daily, weekly, or monthly. Alternately, you can send the notification to specific email address at the same frequencies. 
. Select *Save*.
+
image:screenshot_compliance_save_highlight2.png[A screenshot that shows how to configure the Saved query and save it.]

Once you've created the search or policy, you can view it in the **Saved queries** tab. 

== Edit saved queries or policies

You can modify the name and description of a saved query. You can also convert a query to a policy and vice versa. 

You cannot modify default saved queries. You cannot modify the filters of a saved query. You can alternately view the investigation results of a saved query, change or modify the filters, then save it as a new query or policy. 

.Steps

. From the Saved queries page, select *Edit Search* for the search that you want to change.
+
image:screenshot-edit-search.png[A screenshot showing Edit saved query.]

. Make the changes to the name and description fields. To only change the name and description fields.
+
You can optionally convert the query to a policy or convert the policy to a saved query. Switch the *Run as a policy* toggle as needed. 
.. If you're converting the query to a policy, choose to *Delete permanently* or *Send email updates*. If you choose email updates, you can email the query results to _all_ Console users at daily, weekly, or monthly. Alternately, you can send the notification to specific email address at the same frequencies. 
. Select *Save* to complete the changes. 

== Delete saved queries

You can delete any custom saved query or policy if you no longer need it. You can't delete default saved queries.

To delete a saved query, select the image:button-gallery-options.gif[More button] button for a specific search, select *Delete query*, then select *Delete query* again in the confirmation dialog.

== Default queries

Data Classification provides the following system-defined search queries:

* **Data Subject names - High risk**
+
Files with more than 50 data subject names

* **Email Addresses - High risk**
+
Files with more than 50 email addresses or database columns with more than 50% of their rows containing email addresses 

* **Personal data - High risk**
+
Files with more than 20 personal data identifiers or database columns with more than 50% of their rows containing personal data identifiers

* **Private data - Stale over 7 years**
+
Files containing personal or sensitive personal information, last modified more than 7 years ago

* **Protect - High** 
+
Files or database columns that contain a password, credit card information, IBAN number, or social security number

* **Protect - Low**
+
Files that have not been accessed for more than 3 years

* **Protect - Medium**
+
Files that contain files or database columns with personal data identifiers including ID numbers, tax identification numbers, drivers license numbers, medicinal IDs, or passport numbers

* **Sensitive Personal data - High risk**
+
Files with more than 20 sensitive personal data identifiers or database columns with greater than 50% of their rows containing sensitive personal data
